---
title: "28 Teachers Recall Crazy Excuses Students Have Given Them That Actually Turned Out To Be True"
date: "2026-02-11T11:01:51.000Z"
tags: ["bored-panda"]
source: "Bored Panda"
original_url: "https://www.boredpanda.com/teachers-share-craziest-excuses-msn-2/"
slug: "28-teachers-recall-crazy-excuses-students-have-given-them-that-actually-turned-out-to-be-true"
---

“I’m sorry, Mrs. Smith. I wasn’t able to finish my homework because my dog actually ate it. So I tried to print out another copy, but the power went out. Then I tripped, hit my head and ended up spending the night in the hospital.” Being a teacher is challenging for many reasons. The workload is intense, the wages are low and motivating students to care about their studies can feel like an impossible task. Especially when they never run out of creative excuses for why their assignments aren’t complete… But once in a while, pupils come up with such outlandish justifications for their actions that they just have to be telling the truth. Educators on Reddit have recently been recalling the craziest excuses they’ve heard from students that were somehow true, so we've gathered the wildest ones below.Click here & follow us for more lists, facts, and stories.#1Not a teacher (yet) but when I was in highschool, on a snowy day. I was waiting for the tram. (Like a slower train that goes through the city, public transport basically) I saw the tram coming from around the corner, promptly before it derailed from the track completely. So being the good student I am, I decided to call the school like, "Hey my name is .... from class ..... and you are not gonna believe what just happened." So I explained the situation, the school didn't believe it. I get tapped on the shoulder by some woman I've never met in my life. She asked me what school I went to. I told her. She then asks if she can speak to my school. I'm like "Ehm, sure?She only said three things, her name, that I was speaking the truth, and to tell the f*****g principal that there better be some hot chocolate waiting for me when I get there and then just hung up. I'm still completely baffled by the balls it requires to talk to the school like that when she hands me back my phone, smiles, and tells me that she is the executive assistant of the school district supervisor.© Photo: User#2I had a student casually come to me saying she wouldn't be in class on Thursday just as a "heads up" and started to leave my office. When I inquired why she very calmly and logically told me it was because she was going to [unalive] herself on the way home after she left campus. She had a complete plan of how and where to crash her car as to not injure anyone else. I told her we were going for a walk to our campus counselors. She said she would come. We walked across campus together. She was eerily sweet and talked about uplifting things, which I mirrored. I got her to a counselor that she was willing to talk to and told her if she needed anything I would be there in a heartbeat. Three hours later she knocked on the door of a class I was teaching. When I answered she grabbed me and hugged me. She thanked me for saving her. She was going to get the help she knew she needed at an inpatient clinic. I was told I wasn't allowed to reach out to her since she left school but I think about her nearly every day.© Photo: anon#3A student, tween-aged, needed to go to court to give a character reference for her father. He was trying to adopt his deceased girlfriend's children after she died in a tragic accident. The student couldn't stand the kids her dad was adopting, but she knew it was the right thing. That was the first turned out to be true story.Fast forward to online quarantine school and the same student tells me they no longer have any books because one of her adopted siblings hid them in a vindictive emotional state while at dad's house. I'm friends with the student's mom (dad's ex-wife) and I didn't believe it until the mom confirms this. I then told the student I would send digital images of anything they needed. Once the books were finally found 3 weeks later, I made a deal with them to leave them 100% of the time at their mom's and for them to ask me for digital versions whenever the student was at dad's house.The kid has had a very hard life, but I already know they will be someone amazing as an adult!©...
