---
title: "30 People Who Cook Smarter, Not Harder, Share Their Favorite Kitchen Cheats"
date: "2026-02-11T10:40:17.000Z"
tags: ["bored-panda"]
source: "Bored Panda"
original_url: "https://www.boredpanda.com/cooking-hacks-msn-2/"
slug: "30-people-who-cook-smarter-not-harder-share-their-favorite-kitchen-cheats"
---

You can enjoy cooking as much as eating, but let's be honest, it takes longer to prepare a glorious dinner than it does to shovel it into your mouth. So, when you come home on a Wednesday evening, exhausted from work, spending an hour around pots and pans can seem like a second shift.To avoid this, Reddit user Adamantcondition asked members of r/Cooking to share the simple yet effective tricks they use to make time in the kitchen a whole lot easier—and people delivered! Continue scrolling to see what everyone does to save their energy.Click here & follow us for more lists, facts, and stories.#1Keeping caramelized onion in the freezer and adding it to everything.© Photo: potatoasterBintu, who shares easy yet exciting recipes on her cooking blog Recipes From A Pantry, acknowledges that applying what you see online may seem daunting at first. "While I absolutely love how cooking is getting its social media due, the downside is that it can intimidate those who are just starting out," she told Bored Panda."Viewing a 3-second TikTok video that makes a fairly complex recipe look easy can lead to frustration when the version you make at home doesn’t turn out the same way."However, as Chris, the man behind the food blog Don't Go Bacon My Heart, explained, if you want to be better, you need to "experiment, be fearless, and break the rules. You'll make many, many mistakes along the way, but we all do. And when that poached egg overcooks or that cheesecake doesn't set, pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and keep on cooking!"#2Cooking ears of corn in their husks in the microwave. The whole husk comes right off, silks and everything.© Photo: rammaunna#3Bacon in the Oven.© Photo: omnipotentsco"One of the most important factors in creating great food is balancing the flavors," said Chris, a finalist in Netflix's Crazy Delicious and the author of Comfy: Next-level comfort food you’ll actually want to cook.It doesn't have to be very fancy, either. "A squeeze of lemon juice, a pinch of salt, or a drizzle of honey can be the difference between a good and a great dish."#4Buying rotisserie chickens hot off the display table right in front of the cash registers on my way home for almost the same price as a raw carcass. A stroke of genius, to cull the expired whole chickens, bake them all, and repackage them as a convenience food.© Photo: kempff#5A lot of my slow cooker meals consist of simply throwing ingredients into it, turning it on and forgetting it until it's done. Maybe I have to chop an onion or something but I feel like I skipped a lot of steps when that's the only work I have to do.© Photo: hideous_coffeeOf course, you shouldn't feel bad if at times you just don't feel like cooking and order delivery instead. Maybe it's not in your genes.According to data compiled by Gallup, the global average of cooking and eating-at-home frequencies mask interesting regional differences.Northern, Southern, and Western European regions have the most prolific chefs, with locals cooking an average of 7.8 meals per week. The Latin American and Caribbean regions, as well as the Southeast Asian and Pacific regions share second place, with both cooking 7.2 meals per week.On the other hand, the Arabic States cook the least, with people there preparing an average of 4.6 weekly meals at home.#6Keeping ginger in the freezer and microplaning it as needed.© Photo: potatoaster#7Just want to remind folks: if it does what need, it’s not cheating. You simply cannot make everything yourself and using modern appliances are good actually. Just because it’s not traditional doesn’t mean you should feel guilty about cooking that way.© Photo: cprenaissancemanCooking at home is a great way not just to save money, but also to create a memorable date night experience, as it allows you and your significant other to bond, be creative together, and enjoy a personal, intimate atmosphere. But if you're inviting someone over, you might have to pay more attention to the presentation, to...
