---
title: "38 Disturbing Facts To Make You Want To Crawl Under Your Bed And Stay There"
date: "2026-02-11T11:03:56.000Z"
tags: ["bored-panda"]
source: "Bored Panda"
original_url: "https://www.boredpanda.com/people-share-horrifying-piece-of-info-msn/"
slug: "38-disturbing-facts-to-make-you-want-to-crawl-under-your-bed-and-stay-there"
---

There are endless facts out there—some are fun, others intriguing, and then there are those that make you question reality. But there’s one kind of fact that can truly leave you unsettled: disturbing facts. When a Redditor posed the question, “What is the most horrifying piece of information you have to share?” People flooded the thread with unsettling truths that will leave you feeling rattled. Keep reading to discover some of the most chilling responses!Click here & follow us for more lists, facts, and stories.#1People will hurt you and take joy out of it even if you're the most nicest person in the worldAnd sometimes those people are called family.© Photo: Fin745#2You are not immune to being brainwashed. People don't get sucked into cults because they are stupid. It could happen to you. Also, **cults are not always religious**, they just often are.Cults draw you in by making you feel smart and appreciated and loved, they douse you in affection and praise, and then they use your trust in them to isolate you from the voices of reason in your life. If someone is being super nice to you for a long time, making you feel special, and then they start telling you that you should cut off multiple people in your life, especially if it's the people telling you that something is wrong, that's a red flag. They will tell you that those people are unsupportive and that you don't need people like that in your life. This is a systematic way to cut off any resistance so the only reasoning you will hear is their own. And all the while they will seem so kind and supportive. Do not get sucked into this trap.© Photo: Pluviophilism#3Sometimes when an elderly person falls and ends up with a broken hip, it’s actually the hip breaking that causes the fall.© Photo: User#4That doctors admitted to euthanizing patients at Memorial Medical Center hospital in New Orleans during hurricane Katrina because their only other option was to leave them to die. Several were charged but have defended their decisions as the only humane choice in an impossible situation. One patient in particular was not terminal, but due to his size, was unable to be moved. © Photo: plantainbakery#5Gaze Detection - The human brain seems to be able to sense if someone is staring at us, even if we do not see the person at all. This ability has probably protected us from predators. So, if you have sometimes felt that someone was staring at you, chances are someone really was.© Photo: anon#6Morgues prefer to hire women. For the reason you assume.© Photo: linuxphoney#7That the leading cause of death for a pregnant woman is m*rder.© Photo: alohabowtie#8I'm a vet, and I would say the most horrifying thing I have to tell people is that I can't do anything for their animal. It feels horrible every single time I have to discuss palliative care or talk about it perhaps being "time" for their animal.© Photo: ExoticBiologist#9There are orphanages full of kids who will never be adopted and many might not live long enough to "graduate" from the facility.The reason is that these are kids rescued from, or abandoned by the child s*x trade. They have an eclectic selection of STDs. HIV is rife. And most have major emotional/psychological issues from the abuse they suffered.© Photo: Barbarian_818#10Carbon dioxide was blamed for the deaths of around 1700 people in Cameroon, west Africa, in 1986 when a massive release of gas occurred from Lake Nyos, a volcanic crater lake. The clinical findings in 845 survivors seen at or admitted to hospital were compatible with exposure to an asphyxiant gas.They were just sleeping when the lake released a giant cloud of CO2 and wiped out almost an entire village.© Photo: User#11During the space shuttle Challenger disaster, the flight data shows that the astronauts turned on their internal oxygen supplies *after* the explosion...so it's likely that some of them were still alive when they hit the water.© Photo: User#12Remember the crocodile that took the toddler at Disney...
