---
title: "“I Bought My Wife A Microwave”: 28 Valentine’s Day Gifts That Were A Total Miss"
date: "2026-02-11T10:37:37.000Z"
tags: ["bored-panda"]
source: "Bored Panda"
original_url: "https://www.boredpanda.com/worst-valentines-day-gift-msn-2/"
slug: "i-bought-my-wife-a-microwave-28-valentines-day-gifts-that-were-a-total-miss"
---

When we think about the best Valentine’s Day gifts, a bouquet of flowers, a fancy dinner date, or a romantic getaway might spring to mind. But, of course, everyone’s definition of “the best” varies greatly. Instead, some people receive what could be described as the “worst” Hearts’ Day present. These may range from cheap cards to hair trimmers, an ironing board, and a piece of meat (yes, you read that right). These examples are responses to a Reddit thread from years ago, which becomes relevant around the days leading up to February 14th each year. Scroll through and see which ones you can learn from. Click here & follow us for more lists, facts, and stories.#1I saved a patatoe in the freezer that was the perfect shape of a heart. I put it in there in June for February. When I got it out and proudly gave it to my wife it literally turned black and started leaking juices in front of her. In theory it was cute in practice it was like a death threat. © Photo: W00dzy87#2My ex gave me a stuffed dog teddy bear, which I thought was strange because I am 100% a cat person. There was a little card pinned to its ear which had been signed "Love Sara". He regifted an old vday gift...© Photo: RedEyeCodeBlue#3A nice dinner at a steakhouse.She's vegan.© Photo: pickle0#4I bought my wife a microwave for our first Valentine's day back in 2005...she had just moved into her new place and needed a microwave...not sure why everyone didn't see how thoughtful I was being© Photo: RealAnthonyCamp#5Well my husband two years ago got me a scale for Christmas. It was my big gift. It connected via Bluetooth to an app on my phone. Now I will say that I am forever trying to lose a few pounds, but that gift stung a little.© Photo: ophelias32#6I bought an ex gf one of every Valentine's Day gift; bear, candy, lingerie, wine, balloons, all of it. She got me a turtle that sings "Can't Hurry Love". Took me a while to get that hint.© Photo: AMontyPython#7Candy with walnuts in it. Anaphylaxis - take her breath away.© Photo: User#8A scrapbook containing "all your happiest memories together," that when you open it turns out to be blank.© Photo: BosqueBravo#9My mother lived in a tiny apartment with her friend while she worked in a tiny flower shop. Both of them worked long hours trying to make it, her a florist wanting to open her own place, her friend a starving photographer.My dad raced motorcycles for a living back then and told my mother that he just won a big race and wanted to take her out to a nice dinner on Valentines Day and he has a gift for her that will he knows she will love. So naturally, my mother was sure he was going to propose. After a great dinner at a very nice restaurant, he told her to hold out her hand and close her eyes for her gift. She stuck out her hand, palm down. He then turned her palm up and slapped a giant smoked summer sausage (salami) in it. Back then you bought that s**t in the mall and it was expensive. He literally said, "You and Bridgett can eat off of this for a week!!"After she left crying, he got the hint. A month or two later, he showed up at the flower shop and order tulips from my mother. She, thinking "who the h**l is he ordering tulips for??" told him that they were sold out. He then got on one knee, ring in hand, and asked, "Well, then, can I have yours?"Seriously. My [darn] dad.© Photo: User#10He sent me a copy of the King James Bible. Because I was Catholic and my bible was 'wrong.'.© Photo: helmkamptk421#11Herpes, in a five-year marriage, where neither party had it before.© Photo: JAJAY797#12My dad gave my step mom a toilet seat once for Valentine's Day. He genuinely thought he had the best gift ever. This happened over 5 years ago and we still laugh at him about it EDIT: it was the most generic toilet seat ever. Not even one of the ones that go down slowly.© Photo: makingmc#13My dad bought my mom a pencil sharpener one year for Valentine's Day. It was the only gift he ever bought her on that day. My sister and I pestered...
